Customer: Hi, I'm looking at my phone bill, and there's a charge I'm not sure about.
Agent: Hello! I'd be happy to help. Can you tell me which charge you're referring to?
Customer: Sure, it says "Service Fee - $15.99". What exactly is that for?
Agent: That fee is for your international calling plan. It covers a monthly subscription that allows you to make calls to other countries at a reduced rate.
Customer: I see. I don’t remember signing up for that. Is it optional?
Agent: Yes, it is optional. You may have added it when you signed up for your service, but I can assist you in removing it if you no longer need it.
Customer: That would be great. I don't make international calls, so I’d like to remove it.
Agent: Understood. I’ll remove the international calling plan from your account. Your next bill will reflect the change, and you won’t see the $15.99 charge again.
Customer: Thank you! That clears things up.
Agent: You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: No, that's all. Thanks for your help.
Agent: My pleasure! Have a great day!
Customer: You too, bye!
Agent: Goodbye!